“Okay, I have a request, but not enough gold, so, if anyone is interested, I’d like to pay with my body.”
The air turned to a mist as nearly everyone present did a spit take. Despite having drawn the attention of everyone present, or perhaps because of it, several eyes shifted about as if attempting to gauge the mood. Quick as ever in reacting, Carla marched up to Nol and grabbed her collar.
“Hey, Nol! Do you have any clue what you just said? You can’t just offer to sell your body like that.”
“Eh? Are there laws regarding selling my body? I can guarantee that my body is clean, free of diseases, and fairly healthy, so selling it shouldn’t be an issue otherwise.”
Carla shook violently as her face scrunched up and turned the shade reminiscent of tomato paste. “Think about yourself for a moment! You are way too young!”
“Ummm… I’m not sure what age has to do with it? If you are out of money, you pay with your body, right? It isn’t like I’m going to lose anything.”
Carla’s mouth fell open in horror as she stared at Nol with a shocked expression.
“You’ve already sold your body before?”
“Yep. Several times. It isn’t that bad so long as I get to continue my research. Though it did suck to only have one eye.”
Someone in the crowd gasped. “One eye? What sort of monster would…”
“Oh, don’t worry. I can just grow it back now. So… Anyone interested? I have all my parts and can heal myself as needed, so feel free to buy what you need.”
Carla’s free hand grabbed Nol’s shoulder tightly as her other hand’s grip tensed. “Nol, I will not allow you to sell your body.”
“Ummm… Carla? It is normal to sell your body, is it not? And my potions can regenerate anything I lose.”
“What sort of messed up thinking is that? That isn’t something you can replace!”
“But even if I lose my heart, my potions can just grow another.”
“There is no way to replace your heart once you lose it!”
“But if someone needs a heart or lung or whatever, wouldn’t it be best if I could replace it with mine? I’d rather not have my potions wandering around. That is just too frightening.”
“… What?”
Carla… actually, the entire guild stared blankly as the room turned so silent that the normal raucous state seemed unbelievable.
“What—What sort of dark magic is that? You don’t just shove hearts and lungs into people!”
“Eh? I know magic and potions exist, but if you heal a bad heart, it will still be bad, right? So you take a good heart, store it, then use it to replace a bad heart, right? Someone desperate for money would sell their body, right? I used to do it all the time.”
Everyone present stared at the Demon Lord standing before their very eyes. Some shivered in fear, others began chanting mantras and prayers, and some even did outlandish things like chucking their armor off to investigate their bodies. Even Carla released Nol to feel around under her uniform as if searching for missing parts. Nol simply looked to the side as if to express the thought of ‘really now?’.
